date: September 18, 2016
meeting_type: group
attendance: [<mmfraser>, <grlandon>, <lmevange>, <jacascio>]
absent: []
excused_absences: [ # Any legitamite excuses for absent team members
  ]
task_progress: [ # All group members must be included here even if they haven't made any progress since the last meeting
  {ubit: <mmfraser>, progress: Started to fix team members CSS problems, learned how to use git more},
  {ubit: <jacascio>, progress: Set up Git, talked about framework decisions, pushed meeting minutes from last time, linked current page with nav bar.},
  {ubit: <lmrvange>, progress: created a bare bones version of the website as a group, one thing that stuck out to me for us to finish for sprint to is the google uto complete api stuff},
  {ubit: <grlandon>, progress: started to figure out how to use the google API for getting google maps info as well as working out the kinks in html css javascript and bootstrap},
  ]
issues: [ # Post any issues here. Issues that cannot be addressed by the group should especially be included
  {ubit: <grlandon>, issue: figuring out how to use bootstrap and css and file organization and structure},
  ]
Notes:  | # Anything covered in the meeting that doesn't fit elsewhere.
  seperate CSS HTML JavaScript into seperate file for better readability. Continue adding functionability to what is already implemented make the page styling better