date: September 13, 2016
meeting_type: group
attendance: [<mmfraser>, <grlandon>, <lmevange>, <jacascio>]
absent: []
excused_absences: [ # Any legitamite excuses for absent team members
  ]
task_progress: [ # All group members must be included here even if they haven't made any progress since the last meeting
  {ubit: <mmfraser>, progress: Disscused what has to be done on ther front end with Greg. Drew out ratings page},
  {ubit: <jacascio>, progress: Set up Django and started hosting the website on droplett},
  {ubit: <lmevange>, progress: Trying to find out how to connect github to our server},
  {ubit: <grlandon>, progress: drew out ratings page with malcom and set up a list of the front end goals for sprint 3},
  ]
issues: [ # Post any issues here. Issues that cannot be addressed by the group should especially be included
  {ubit: <jacascio>, issue: Schedule planning, greg still smells},
  ]
Notes:  | # Anything covered in the meeting that doesn't fit elsewhere.
  Connect github to server. Finish Auto complete for google maps and create a review page.