date: September 20, 2016
meeting_type: ta
attendance: [<mmfraser>, <lmevange>, <jacascio>]
absent: []
excused_absences: [ # Any legitamite excuses for absent team members
{ubit: <grlandon>, : reason: Work during meeting, should be fixed after this one]
task_progress: [ # All group members must be included here even if they haven't made any progress since the last meeting
  {ubit: <mmfraser>, progress: Started looking into database possibilities for user profiling.},
  {ubit: <jacascio>, progress: Finished sprint one, },
  {ubit: <lmrvange>, progress: created a bare bones version of the website as a group, one thing that stuck out to me for us to finish for sprint to is the google uto complete api stuff},
  {ubit: <grlandon>, progress: Setup prototype, finished
  ]
issues: [ # Post any issues here. Issues that cannot be addressed by the group should especially be included
  {ubit: <grlandon>, issue: },
  ]
Notes:  | # Anything covered in the meeting that doesn't fit elsewhere.
  Ask about getting user data from classmates
