date: September 29, 2016
meeting_type: ta
attendance: [<grlandon>, <lmevange>, <jacascio>]
absent: []
excused_absences: [
  {ubit: <mmfraser>, : reason: Class}
  ]
task_progress: [ # All group members must be included here even if they haven't made any progress since the last meeting
  {ubit: <mmfraser>, progress: More page design, assigned tasks},
  {ubit: <jacascio>, progress: Broke into a frontend and backend group},
  {ubit: <lmevange>, progress: moved forword on connecting git to server},
  {ubit: <grlandon>, progress: restructure my git end for proper branching, begin to integrate bootstrap into html pages},
  ]
issues: [ # Post any issues here. Issues that cannot be addressed by the group should especially be included
  {ubit: <jacascio>, issue: Finish features, use proper version control},
  ]
Notes:  | # Anything covered in the meeting that doesn't fit elsewhere.
  Connect github to server.
  Finish Auto complete for google maps.
  Create a review page.
  Update webpage look.
  Setup database.
