date: October 08, 2016
meeting_type: group
attendance: [<grlandon>, <lmevange>, <jacascio>, <mmfraser>]
absent: []
excused_absences: [
  ]
task_progress: [ # All group members must be included here even if they haven't made any progress since the last meeting
  {ubit: <mmfraser>, progress: Merged ratings_page to develop},
  {ubit: <jacascio>, progress: helped Leo do database work},
  {ubit: <lmevange>, progress: finished reverting back to sqlite3},
  {ubit: <grlandon>, progress: accompanied malcoms merge},
  ]
issues: [ # Post any issues here. Issues that cannot be addressed by the group should especially be included
  {ubit: <lmevange>, issue: joe still still smells}
  ]
Notes:  | # Anything covered in the meeting that doesn't fit elsewhere.
  reaverting to django pages and postgres for Sprint 3 hopefully
