date: October 04, 2016
meeting_type: instructor
attendance: [<grlandon>, <lmevange>, <jacascio>, <mmfraser>]
absent: []
excused_absences: [

  ]
task_progress: [ # All group members must be included here even if they haven't made any progress since the last meeting
  {ubit: <mmfraser>, progress: bootstrap integration},
  {ubit: <jacascio>, progress: database manegment and templates},
  {ubit: <lmevange>, progress: solidify backend especially git to server },
  {ubit: <grlandon>, progress: re do the web pages to integrate bootstrap django},
  ]
issues: [ # Post any issues here. Issues that cannot be addressed by the group should especially be included
  {ubit: <lmevange>, issue: Still need to get our old webpage to display on the server web page},
  ]
Notes:  | # Anything covered in the meeting that doesn't fit elsewhere.
  Disscussed what features we plan on having
  how landlords are able to contribute
  Get class to input real data for community points

