date: October 04, 2016
meeting_type: ta
attendance: [<grlandon>, <lmevange>, <jacascio>, <mmfraser>]
absent: []
excused_absences: [
  ]
task_progress: [ # All group members must be included here even if they haven't made any progress since the last meeting
  {ubit: <mmfraser>, progress: bootstrap integration, work on ratings form},
  {ubit: <jacascio>, progress: database manegment and templates},
  {ubit: <lmevange>, progress: solidify backend especially git to server, work on models.py},
  {ubit: <grlandon>, progress: started ratings page},
  ]
issues: [ # Post any issues here. Issues that cannot be addressed by the group should especially be included
  {ubit: <lmevange>, issue: Still need to get our old webpage to display on the server web page},
  {ubit: <jacascio>, issue: Change html files to incorporate django},
  ]
Notes:  | # Anything covered in the meeting that doesn't fit elsewhere.
  We are on track, we just need to finish our individual task
  Get class to input real data for community points
