date: October 07, 2016
meeting_type: group
attendance: [<grlandon>, <lmevange>, <jacascio>, <mmfraser>]
absent: []
excused_absences: [
  ]
task_progress: [ # All group members must be included here even if they haven't made any progress since the last meeting
  {ubit: <mmfraser>, progress: worked on input forms},
  {ubit: <jacascio>, progress: worked on server set up for django},
  {ubit: <lmevange>, progress: worked on server set up for django},
  {ubit: <grlandon>, progress: worked on input forms},
  ]
issues: [ # Post any issues here. Issues that cannot be addressed by the group should especially be included

  ]
Notes:  | # Anything covered in the meeting that doesn't fit elsewhere.
  discussed each persons individual task and reviewed the state of our branches
