date: October 11, 2016
meeting_type: ta
attendance: [<grlandon>, <lmevange>, <jacascio>, <mmfraser>]
absent: []
excused_absences: [
  ]
task_progress: [ # All group members must be included here even if they haven't made any progress since the last meeting
  {ubit: <mmfraser>, progress: Disscussed stage 3 front end, new fresh look to the site},
  {ubit: <jacascio>, progress: when django is fixed link it to server},
  {ubit: <lmevange>, progress: Try switching to postgres soon as possible},
  {ubit: <grlandon>, progress: convert to django asap, prob this weekend},
  ]
issues: [ # Post any issues here. Issues that cannot be addressed by the group should especially be included
  {ubit: <lmevange>, issue: mah boy joe cashonly}
  ]
Notes:  | # Anything covered in the meeting that doesn't fit elsewhere.
  Start on sprint 3 asap
