date: October 29, 2016
meeting_type: group
attendance: [<mmfraser>, <grlandon>]
absent: []
excused_absences: [
{ubit: <jacascio>, reason: was just a frontend meeting so they were not invited},
{ubit: <lmevange>, reason: was just a frontend meeting so they were not invited},
  ]
task_progress: [ # All group members must be included here even if they haven't made any progress since the last meeting
  {ubit: <mmfraser>, progress: worked on getting the navbar header into a django template},
  {ubit: <jacascio>, },
  {ubit: <lmevange>, },
  {ubit: <grlandon>, progress: fixed the issues with google maps and the autocorrect},
  ]
issues: [ # Post any issues here. Issues that cannot be addressed by the group should especially be included
  ]
Notes:  | # Anything covered in the meeting that doesn't fit elsewhere.
need to get everyone together so we can start to agree on color scheme for site  
