date: October 23, 2016
meeting_type: group
attendance: [<grlandon>, <lmevange>, <jacascio>, <mmfraser>]
absent: []
excused_absences: [
  ]
task_progress: [ # All group members must be included here even if they haven't made any progress since the last meeting
  {ubit: <mmfraser>, progress: Reaserched Django templates and solved file structure },
  {ubit: <jacascio>, progress: Created and started hierarchy branch. fixed existing html and started making bootstrap changes},
  {ubit: <lmevange>, progress: Looked over existing django setup and solved file structure conflits},
  {ubit: <grlandon>, progress: Fixed URLs and veiws for django use, set up file structure hierarchy},
  ]
issues: [ # Post any issues here. Issues that cannot be addressed by the group should especially be included
  {ubit: <lmevange>, issue: CASHONLY}
  ]
Notes:  | # Anything covered in the meeting that doesn't fit elsewhere.
  must add django tags including bootstrap and procces data intake into forms