date: November 1, 2016
meeting_type: ta
attendance: [<mmfraser>, <grlandon>, <jacascio>]
absent: []
excused_absences: [
{ubit: <lmevange>, reason: doctors appointment},
  ]
task_progress: [ # All group members must be included here even if they haven't made any progress since the last meeting
  {ubit: <mmfraser>, progress: left after a discussion about points},
  {ubit: <jacascio>, progress: showed what I did for sprint 3, most work is in models.py, and views.py, and forms.py},
  {ubit: <lmevange>, progress: worked with me on  on sprint 3},
  {ubit: <grlandon>, progress: showed the work from sprint 3 and made an idea for sprint 4},
  ]
issues: [ # Post any issues here. Issues that cannot be addressed by the group should especially be included
  Add landlord rating did not submit properly
  Make good looking and working forms
  Create a search and display feature
  fix database relationships
  search bar for google info to auto fill forms
  rating and adding pages work flow
  update the look of the website

  ]
Notes:  | # Anything covered in the meeting that doesn't fit elsewhere.
need better split up of jobs,
more coding verse html/css