date: November 15, 2016
meeting_type: ta
attendance: [<grlandon>, <lmevange>]
absent: []
excused_absences: [<jacascio>  in ithica for an interview, <mmfraser> at work late ]
task_progress: [ # All group members must be included here even if they haven't made any progress since the last meeting
  {ubit: <mmfraser>, progress: },
  {ubit: <jacascio>, progress: },
  {ubit: <lmevange>, progress: made sure branching structure was good and issue size},
  {ubit: <grlandon>, progress: talked about issues and talked about getting clarificstion with AJAX},
  ]
issues: [ # Post any issues here. Issues that cannot be addressed by the group should especially be included
  {}
  ]
Notes:  | # Anything covered in the meeting that doesn't fit elsewhere.
Issues and branches look good, make sure to get community points