date: November 20, 2016
meeting_type: group
attendance: [<lmevange>, <jacascio>, <grlandon>, <mmfraser>]
absent: []
excused_absences: [

  ]
task_progress: [ # All group members must be included here even if they haven't made any progress since the last meeting
  {ubit: <mmfraser>, progress: Helped group get accustomed to the new user class that was finished yesterday},
  {ubit: <jacascio>, progress: implemented queries and enabled the search bars on the pages},
  {ubit: <lmevange>, progress: finished cleaning up the apartment landlord combine, fixed several pages that either werent working or cleaned them up to work better},
  {ubit: <grlandon>, progress: Worked on displaying data from apartments after searched and worked on moduels to make the forms work and look better},
  ]
issues: [ # Post any issues here. Issues that cannot be addressed by the group should especially be included
  {ubit: <lmevange>, we did it}
  ]
Notes:  | # Anything covered in the meeting that doesn't fit elsewhere.
  
