date: November 2, 2016
meeting_type: group
attendance: [<mmfraser>, <grlandon>, <jacascio>,<lmevange>]
absent: []
excused_absences: []
task_progress: [ # All group members must be included here even if they haven't made any progress since the last meeting
  {ubit: <mmfraser>, progress: Discussed sprint goals with the group,
   added issues and told TA Mike Drewitt to review the issues},
  {ubit: <jacascio>, progress: talked about next sprint},
  {ubit: <lmevange>, progress: talked about next sprint},
  {ubit: <grlandon>, progress: talked about next sprint},
  ]
issues: [ # Post any issues here. Issues that cannot be addressed by the group should especially be included
  ]
Notes:  | # Anything covered in the meeting that doesn't fit elsewhere.
Added most issues on git hub