date: November 8, 2016
meeting_type: ta
attendance: [<mmfraser>, <grlandon>, <jacascio>,<lmevange>]
absent: []
excused_absences: []
task_progress: [ # All group members must be included here even if they haven't made any progress since the last meeting
  {ubit: <mmfraser>, progress: made sure issues are fine},
  {ubit: <jacascio>, progress: Talked about merge we made on the 7th to fix ratings},
  {ubit: <lmevange>, progress: Talked about merge we made on the 7th to fix landlord rating},
  {ubit: <grlandon>, progress: talked about issues for sprint, added website stylization issue},
  ]
issues: [ # Post any issues here. Issues that cannot be addressed by the group should especially be included
  {ubit: <lmevange>, needed to wait to merge relations to get th ball rolling}
  ]
Notes:  | # Anything covered in the meeting that doesn't fit elsewhere.
Issues all created now we just have to meet and work, JOe has been having some new home troubles but well pick a time for this week or a few times